TODO: In the Feautured Categories section make the image be a link to the category page (right now only the category name in clickable)
TODO: In the Feautured Categories fix the images and add a circle around them as in the original template

TODO: Promotions: Oscar does have offers but they are conditionally applied at the cart level.
      I need a way to discount a product directly such that the discounted price is shown on the product detail page and on any page listing the product (eg. category page) and when the product is added to the cart, the discounted price is used. The original price should also be shown for reference.


TODO: In the header, when there is a click on the cart icon, the UOMO theme shows a sidebar with the cart items. We have to fill this sidebar with the cart information
TODO: Login form in aside when clicking account icon
TODO: Sitemap
TODO: Load real info in the database
TODO: Add RFC to customer
TODO: Create about us page
TODO: Create contact page
MAYBE: Compare icon on header




DONE: setup test oscar environment
DONE: remove "catalogue" from URL. http://127.0.0.1/" should be the main URL
DONE: read SOLR documentation or follow tutorial
DONE: Load sample data
DONE: change database to postgresql
DONE: Setup oscar/haystack to work with solr
DONE: select template to use
DONE: install the templates as tester pages
DONE: Study oscar's original templates
DONE: separate the template by sections (use include to build it)
DONE: fix template to load assets correctly
DONE: Load shop tagline from settings
DONE: change main color from yellow to blue. CSS variable my-color in theme.css changes the main color of the web app.
DONE: Add business information to settings and create context processor to make this information available to all templates
DONE: Fix header to load static files correctly
DONE: Remove currency drop down, wont use
DONE: Change logo from side/hambuguer menu
DONE: In the home page, in the menu, whhen there is a caetgory it shows its subcategories when you hover over it but the is no link to the category itself. Make it a link.
DONE: Como vamos a agregar static pages al menú
DONE: Personalize hamburguer menu
DONE: Wishlist icon on header
DONE: Cart total on header
DONE: Cart number of items on header
DONE: Link to cart
DONE: Search
DONE: Work with the icons for smal widths (search, account, cart)
DONE: Clean header
DONE: Add content section from electro
DONE: Make the slider dashboard app
DONE: Which oscar view handles the homepage?
DONE: Modify the homepage view to add the slider information to the context
DONE: Slider
The slider section has:
 - A background image (1920X422)
 - A slider
A slider has 4 components:
 - The slider image (374x386) (416x420)
 - Slider title
 - Slider message
 - Slider call to action button

 I will need to make a custom app to store the slider information. The app will need to have a dashboard section to enter the slider information. In the frontend it will not have any views. The catalog main view need to be modified to add the slider's information to the context.

 Teh custom app will be called frontend and will handle, beside the sliders, any other special component that cannot be programmed using the base oscar apps or models.

 Model:
 name
 image
 title
 message 
 button-text
 url

 DONE: Promo Banners - Will need to make an app alot like the slider custom app
 DONO: Sliders
 DONE: El mensaje del slider debe estar dividido en 2 renglones, agregar segundo renglón al modelo
 DONE: Agregar un tercer mensaje para anunciar precio en slider. Lo correcto sería que si el slider es un producto, mostrar el precio del producto.
 DONE: Ratings. I already show the "positive" stars for the product rating, show the remaining stars (gray)